[Autogenerated] I think a demo is worth 1000 slides.
So let's open up our I D and implement document references.
We'll see how we can use at the bereft to create doctor
references in spring and will also hook into left second events
and implement cascading and auditing.
Happened.
Allow flight information contained, departure and destination as strength.
But now we have a new business requirement.
We need to store additional information for departure in this nation.
After all, their airports and airports have multiple properties.
This is a perfect candidate for using document references because no
matter how many flats you have during the day,
the airports are almost the same,
and we can reuse them across off flight information documents.
The airport class will be a document of its own and
will be saved in its own collection.
In this case, we're using the A document imitation,
and we're passing in the name of the collection,
which is airports off course because airport is a document is to have an i.
D.
She's I d property over here, and then we have the name of the airport,
the city and how many passengers it serves.
We also need to modify the flight information class
departure and destination are no longer strings.
There feels off type airport, but that's not enough right now.
Departure and destination are sub documents.
They're not document references.
In order to make them references, we need to add the appropriate annotations.
All right, we made the necessary changes in the flat information class.
Let's go ahead of the cedar and figure out howto insert
these two documents in our database.
I'm pretty sure you're very familiar with that database Cedar.
It implements commander runners so that spring knows it has
executed after the application starts.
It also has an after orientations that one.
Because you want to see they're to be executed first.
This class has free dependencies, flight information depository,
AARP repository and mongo template.
We declare them in the constructor.
The wrong method is pretty basic.
It empties another base and executed the same method.
And in the same method we're creating the airports have on airport for Rome,
for Paris and for Copenhagen.
Then we're creating fly data and notice that we're using the objects
created before as departures and destinations.
For example, in the first light, the departure is Rome,
that this nation s Paris The second sight,
The departure is Paris, and the destination is Copa Haga.
Let's go ahead and seed these documents.
I'm going to use a little bit off intelligence magic and
we are grouping the airport is a list.
And then we're using airport depository to insert, um that the base and on Lee.
After that, we can save the fights.
Remember that need to save the dependent documents
first or the Children if you will.
And only after that you can save the parent or the
route documents has been a list.
We're printing the flights to the castle.
Let's go ahead and run the rap.
Our application worked as expected.
We have departure destination and, of course,
the flight information, which were customs to.
Now let's assume that you want to update a particular airport.
I'm going to do that in the Application runner here which also implements
Commander Runner and executed after the database Cedar.
Achieving this is pretty simple.
We first grab an existing airport.
We change his name.
For example,
we had few Muccino here after little Da Vinci and we saved the airport.
After that, we're printing all the fights after a run The application.
You can see the updated airport over here.
This is the biggest benefit off relating documents.
You made a changed airport and it's Bean reflected
immediately in the flight information.
I know you're all waiting to implement cascading,
but before you do that mystical look at the flight printer class might be
wondering how we are printing the flight information.
Are we creating your queries to grab the airports or not?
The fight printer hasn't changed that much.
To print the departure destination,
we're using the gate departure and get this nation Gethers,
which will return on object of that airport and then used again name methods.
So we're treating flight information as if airports were an embedded document.
And that works because spring date among body be.
Thus thinks for us under the hood.
It's pre fetches the airport when it sees a debrief,
and that's a big benefit office framer.
I took the liberty to put a breakpoint on our flight information objects,
and we can see what you have the barge in destination off the airport,
and when we look at them, we don't see dollar sign revved other son,
Etienne daughter Sandy B.
We see the actual document which has been retrieved by the
framework implementing cascading or save,
is not very difficult.
Need to create a new class an extent abstract bongo event listener.
We're going to use Mom.
What template Surpassing in as a dependency.
And then we need to hook into manga lifecycle events.
We will hook into the own before convert event.
Remember,
this is triggered right before the document is
converted to a job object implemented,
cascading or save is pretty straightforward.
The first thing they're going to do is to achieve our
document and we're using the event.
Get source method over here.
Then if our document is an instance off flight
information and it has a departure,
then we extract the departure using the gether on.
Then we're saving the departure.
We're doing the same thing for a destination, and that's it.
We have successfully implemented cascading on safe.
We also need to register this component so spring picks it up.
Two that are simply irritated with at component.
It can, of course, declare being in any configuration file,
going back to our database either with you remove this part where the airports
are being saved and we will run the application to city.
Welcome.
Everything is OK.
The flights are there.
The update also worked.
Awesome.
All right, But wouldn't it be awesome?
Toa have a generic cascade.
Evil is not because this one on Lee works for flight information documents.
Well, luckily for us, it's pretty easy to achieve this.
I'm going to go ahead and delete this Cascade event listener,
and I'm going to open his class in generic desk a listener again.
We have to extend abstract among with the listener.
We also need to register it so well identity with that component.
And of course, we'll hook into the own before convert event again.
And that's all the implementation that you need to
create a generic cascading on safe.
Don't be afraid by the logic in here, you know we're raising reflection,
but other than that, I think it's pretty easy to read again.
We're grabbing the document,
and then we get a rate of Richfield off the document.
We're making that feel accessible.
And if the field is annotated with D B ref,
we're grabbing the field value on we're saving,
get using the Mongol template and Now we have ah,
generic cascade on safe mongo event listener running the
application again gives us the same results.
Are generic cascading save works as expected?
Last but not least, let's implement.
Or do you think because you want to find out the changes that
are taking place in our database again,
I'm creating a generic mongo or the listener I'm
extending abstract manga waving listener.
I'm going to annotate this class component so that spring registers
it and let's go ahead and implement auditing.
This time, I'm hooking into own after safe and on after did it,
because I want us to be aware when a document is inserted,
saved or deleted.
And, of course, running the APP gives us our logging.
You can see that we're saving airport documents were saving flight
information's and then we're updating on airport.
In our case, that's rope.
So auditing works, and it took us for Liza Co.
To achieve this.
I don't know about you, but that's just pretty cool.
So this is the power off Mongol lifecycle event.
You can achieve very much by hooking into them when needed to enhance the capabilities of the application